erros do console.md, before:

 cdn.tailwindcss.com should not be used in production. To use Tailwind CSS in production, install it as a PostCSS plugin or use the Tailwind CLI: https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation
(anonymous) @ cdn.tailwindcss.com/:64
 Download the React DevTools for a better development experience: https://react.dev/link/react-devtools
generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-1.5-flash:generateContent:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()
ai.ts:61 Erro ao gerar cláusulas: GoogleGenerativeAIFetchError: [GoogleGenerativeAI Error]: Error fetching from https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-1.5-flash:generateContent: [404 ] models/gemini-1.5-flash is not found for API version v1beta, or is not supported for generateContent. Call ListModels to see the list of available models and their supported methods.
    at handleResponseNotOk (:3000/node_modules/.vite/deps/@google_generative-ai.js?v=c00c6a7b:226:9)
    at async makeRequest (:3000/node_modules/.vite/deps/@google_generative-ai.js?v=c00c6a7b:199:5)
    at async generateContent (:3000/node_modules/.vite/deps/@google_generative-ai.js?v=c00c6a7b:544:20)
    at async generateClauses (ai.ts:51:24)
    at async handleGenerateAI (ContractReview.tsx:35:20)
generateClauses @ ai.ts:61
tbzkuzfturedpltawxss.supabase.co/rest/v1/quotes?id=eq.da97690d-dfb3-407f-a964-486b90372f26:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 400 ()
:3000/pages/NewQuoteForm.tsx?t=1770660469663:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 500 (Internal Server Error)
 [vite] Failed to reload /pages/NewQuoteForm.tsx. This could be due to syntax errors or importing non-existent modules. (see errors above)
error @ :3000/@vite/client:882
:3000/pages/NewQuoteForm.tsx?t=1770660506258:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 500 (Internal Server Error)
 [vite] Failed to reload /pages/NewQuoteForm.tsx. This could be due to syntax errors or importing non-existent modules. (see errors above)
error @ :3000/@vite/client:882
tbzkuzfturedpltawxss.supabase.co/rest/v1/quotes?id=eq.9d370bb2-6abf-4e44-a3bc-a3be47d17438:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 400 ()
 Erro ao atualizar status: Object
updateQuoteStatus @ :3000/pages/QuoteSummary.tsx:55
:3000/pages/Settings.tsx?t=1770661139968:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 500 (Internal Server Error)
 [vite] Failed to reload /pages/Settings.tsx. This could be due to syntax errors or importing non-existent modules. (see errors above)
error @ :3000/@vite/client:882
tbzkuzfturedpltawxss.supabase.co/rest/v1/quotes?id=eq.f347ca8b-6e84-4b88-8685-04b06145a31c:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 400 ()
QuoteSummary.tsx:58 Erro ao atualizar status: Object
updateQuoteStatus @ QuoteSummary.tsx:58
tbzkuzfturedpltawxss.supabase.co/rest/v1/quotes?id=eq.f347ca8b-6e84-4b88-8685-04b06145a31c:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 400 ()
QuoteSummary.tsx:58 Erro ao atualizar status: Object
updateQuoteStatus @ QuoteSummary.tsx:58
tbzkuzfturedpltawxss.supabase.co/rest/v1/quotes?id=eq.f347ca8b-6e84-4b88-8685-04b06145a31c:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 400 ()

Commit message:

fix: resolve public quote access error and update permissions

erros do console.md, after:

 Download the React DevTools for a better development experience: https://react.dev/link/react-devtools
 `value` prop on `input` should not be null. Consider using an empty string to clear the component or `undefined` for uncontrolled components.
validatePropertiesInDevelopment @ :3000/node_modules/.…js?v=9c5db09d:14121
 A component is changing an uncontrolled input to be controlled. This is likely caused by the value changing from undefined to a defined value, which should not happen. Decide between using a controlled or uncontrolled input element for the lifetime of the component. More info: https://react.dev/link/controlled-components
updateProperties @ :3000/node_modules/.…js?v=9c5db09d:14864
tbzkuzfturedpltawxss.supabase.co/rest/v1/profiles?id=eq.81574e7a-5279-4677-99b4-d9831d92819a:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 400 ()
tbzkuzfturedpltawxss.supabase.co/rest/v1/profiles?id=eq.81574e7a-5279-4677-99b4-d9831d92819a:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 400 ()
